# Projet ELP
*Groupe projet : Salma Aziz-Alaoui / Tristan Devin / Yasser Issam / Antoine Piron*

## Run the project
First of all you can download the project with `git clone https://github.com/AntoinePiron/Projet_ELM.git` <br />
In order to run the project you can just open the [index.html](./index.html) file. <br/>

If you need to recompile the project you can use the provided script by typing the `./compile`command but you need to have Elm and UglifyJS installed on your computer. <br />
 - Install Elm [here](https://guide.elm-lang.org/install/elm.html)
 - Install UglifyJS with npm : `npm install uglify-js -g`

## Structure of the project
The main directory contains our index, css and main js files. The html file is basicelly the structure from the Elm documentation and the js file is generated by Elm we only wrote the [style](./style.css) file.<br/>
The [base](./base) directory contains the subject and the Haskell file that we used to create our svg drawing system. We used it in order to check that our outputs were corrects. <br/>
The [src](./src) directory contains all of our Elm files used to create our web app
## Structure of the Elm code
We have 4 Elm files working together : 
 - *__MyTypes.elm__* &rarr; the custom types that we'll need in all the files.
 - *__MyParser.elm__* &rarr; the parser used to check if the user input is an instruction runnable by TcTurtle.
 - *__DrawingZone.elm__* &rarr; all the functiun needed to generate the svg structure from the instructions.
 - *__Main.elm__* &rarr; the main program who defines the page with the model, view and update functions.
 - 
## Particular package 
We used many elm natives packages : browser, core, html, parser, svg. <br/>
But we also installed the package [carwow/elm-slider](https://github.com/carwow/elm-slider) in order to generate the slider for the line thickness.